docs: add basic GroupedList migration guide. (#30944)
microsoft/fluentui: apps/public-docsite-v9/src/Concepts/Migration/FromV8/Components/GroupedList.stories.mdx

Fluent UI v9 does not have a one-to-one migration from v8's `GroupedList` so this guide will help you decide which v9 component makes the most sense for you to migrate to based on your usage of `GroupedList`.

### I'm using `GroupedList` to display hierarchical data that expands and collapses

In this case consider migrating to [Fluent UI v9's `Tree` component](?path=/docs/components-tree--default) which is a hierarchical list control for displaying expandable and collapsable data.

### I'm using `GroupedList` to display a flat or nested list of items that does not expand or collapse

For lists, look at migrating to [Fluent UI v9's `List` component](?path=/docs/preview-components-list--default) which renders vertically list elements that can be interactive or non-interactive.

### I'm using `GroupedList` to display tabular data

For tabular data (i.e., a grid), consider migrating to [Fluent UI v9's `Table` component](?path=/docs/components-table--default) or [`DataGrid` component](?path=/docs/components-datagrid--default).

> Both components are designed to for rendering tabular data and support selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both components are designed to render tabular data and support selection.
```
